NARRATOR:
Somewhere, hidden
amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BARKING]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[BARKS]
[GIGGLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
Today's adventure starts
at the little castle.
[HOLLY READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
This is a perfect day
for a royal fairy picnic.
Good idea,
Queen Thistle.
Hooray! I love picnics.
Nanny Plum, prepare
the royal picnic basket.
Yes, Your Majesty.
And will we be having
magic jelly for pudding?
Uh, maybe we should give the
magic jelly a miss this year.
But we always have magic jelly
at the royal picnic.
Well, if your promise
not to flood the entire kingdom
with jelly, like last year.
Trust me, Your Majesty,
nothing will go wrong this time.
Mommy, can Ben come
on the picnic?
But Holly, Ben is an elf.
And this is a royal
fairy picnic.
Please can Ben come?
He's my best friend.
Well, I suppose,
as he's your best friend.
Hooray! I'll ring him.
[♪♪♪]
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello. Mrs. Elf speaking.
HOLLY:
Hello, Mrs. Elf.
Can I speak to Ben, please?
Right-o.
Ben, it's Princess Holly.
Hi, Holly.
Hi, Ben.
Would you like to come
on the royal
fairy picnic today?
Yes, please.
Good. Come to the castle
as quick as you can.
Mom. I've been invited
on the royal fairy picnic.
How lovely.
You'll need plenty of food,
so you have enough to share.
What would you like?
Um, pies, cheese,
and some fruit, please.
I'll put in
a whole strawberry.
Then you'll have enough
for everyone.
Thanks, Mom.
Bye.
See you later.
[♪♪♪]
Look everyone, it's Ben.
Hello, everyone.
Ha, ha. This should be fun.
We've never had an elf
on our royal picnic before.
Heh.
Thanks for inviting me.
That looks heavy,
can I help you carry it?
Oh, thanks, Ben.
Oh, but it's really light.
It's a magic basket.
Uh...
Don't worry, Ben,
you'll see.
[GIGGLES]
[♪♪♪]
[BARKING]
Look.
It's Gaston the Ladybird.
[BARKING]
Hi, Gaston.
Daddy?
Can Gaston join our picnic?
Hm, I'm not sure.
[BARKING]
What did he say?
Nanny Plum can speak
ladybird language.
[BARKING]
Gaston says
he would like the pleasure
of joining
Princess Holly and Ben Elf
on the royal fairy picnic,
Your Majesty.
Very well.
It's just a pity
he's a bit smelly.
[BARKING]
Nanny Plum,
can you translate that?
Yes, I can,
but I'd rather not.
[BARKING]
[ALL CHILDREN LAUGHING]
[♪♪♪]
Ah, here we are.
The royal picnic spot.
ALL:
Hooray!
[ALL CHILDREN GIGGLING]
What's this?
It's food, for the picnic.
You mean, you actually bring
food with you to a picnic?
Uh, yes.
It's probably some strange
elf custom, Your Majesty.
Ha, ha. How charming.
I've got plenty of food
for everyone.
Thanks, Ben, but fairies
don't eat elf food.
We have our own
special fairy food.
Here it is.
Oh. But the basket
is empty.
You've forgotten
your food.
[ALL FAIRIES LAUGHS]
Silly Ben.
It's isn't empty.
It's a magic picnic basket.
It can give us
anything we want.
Let's start with the drinks.
I feel like
some sparkling fairy juice.
Magic basket, oh, so old
Let's have fairy juice
Sparkling and cold
BEN: Wow.
[KING LAUGHS]
Yes, young elf.
It is rather impressive.
Ben, perhaps you would like
to choose the drinks
for the children?
It can be anything
you like.
Anything?
Can I really ask
for anything?
Yes, anything at all.
Hm. Okay.
Lemonade, please.
Isn't that a bit boring
and ordinary?
Elves like lemonade,
and I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[LAUGHING]
But, Ben, you can have
anything you like
in the whole wide world.
In that case,
lemonade with a dollop
of ice cream.
Are you sure you wouldn't like
something more exotic?
Okay. Lemonade with two dollops
of ice cream.
Heh. Good choice, Ben.
Magic Basket, please
Lemonade with lots of ice cream
BEN: Hooray!
[BEN & HOLLY GIGGLING]
Thanks, Holly.
[BARKING]
Don't forget Gaston.
Hm, what do ladybirds
like to drink?
Heh.
They like smelly things.
That's right.
By a ladybird's growl
May the next drink be foul
[GRUNTING]
Nanny, you've made it
too stinky,
even for Gaston.
NANNY:
Nonsense.
Ladybirds love
rotten cabbage juice.
[SNIFFS]
Mm...
Now, for the main course.
Magic basket, please
Make us sandwiches
With ham and cheese
CHILDREN:
Ooh.
And now for pudding.
Hooray! Magic jelly.
Uh, Nanny Plum,
please don't make too much
this time.
We don't want a repeat
of last year's jelly flood.
What happened?
Holly, Daisy and Poppy
always help me make the pudding.
But last year,
we made a bit too much and we--
Flooded the whole kingdom
with jelly.
Heh. I remember.
The Jelly Flood.
Was that you?
Heh. Yes. That was us.
It was
rather spectacular.
[SISTERS LAUGHING]
But it's not
going to happen again,
is it, Nanny Plum?
Don't worry,
Your Majesty.
We've been practicing
safe new words
that keeps
the quantity down.
Come along, girls.
Can I help too?
NANNY:
Yes, Ben.
Children, repeat after me:
Magic basket, please
Jelly, jelly, but not a lot
ALL:
Magic basket, please
Jelly, jelly
But not a lot
Hooray!
Oh.
They're a bit small.
They are quite little,
aren't they?
Yes, we'll need more.
Okay, let's try this.
Basket, basket
More, more, more
ALL:
Basket, basket
More, more, more
[RUMBLING]
Phew.
For a moment there
I thought we were going to have
another jelly flood.
[BOTH GIGGLE]
BOTH:
Jelly flood. Jelly flood.
Jelly flood.
[KING SCREAMING]
[ALL SCREAMING]
Jelly flood!
[BOTH GIGGLING]
Nanny,
there's too much jelly.
KING:
Stop it, Nanny.
Shazam, shazing
Magic pudding
Shrink, shrink, shrink
[♪♪♪]
Nanny. Try a stronger spell.
I could use
the stop magic spell,
but that's only
for royal emergencies.
I declare this
a royal emergency.
Thunder and lightning
North winds blow
Magic spells, away you go
[ALL GRUNT]
It worked.
ALL:
Hooray!
Nanny, where's our food?
Sorry,
I had to stop all the magic,
and that included
our magic picnic.
That's strange,
my food is still here.
That's because
it wasn't made by magic.
And luckily,
I've enough for everyone.
Thank you,
Ben.
But, Nanny, you said fairies
don't eat elf food.
Uh, yes.
Thank you for reminding me,
Princess Holly.
We can have a nice time
without a picnic.
Let's sit
and enjoy the view.
[MUNCHING]
Mm. Yummy.
[STOMACH RUMBLING]
I'm a bit hungry
Me too.
[STOMACHS RUMBLING]
[BEN MUNCHING]
Hm. I don't believe I've ever
eaten elf food before.
Would you like to try some,
King Thistle?
Oh. Thank you, Ben.
[MUNCHES]
Yum, yum.
Mm. Elf food is delicious.
It really is.
Nanny Plum,
you must try some.
Oh, heh.
Very well, Your Majesty.
Seeing as
it's a royal command.
And here's another
royal command.
When you have a fairy picnic,
always take an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[ALL LAUGHING]
[♪♪♪]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at Gaston's cave.
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[BEN & HOLLY GIGGLING]
Gaston!
Are you coming out to play?
[BARKING]
BOTH:
Gaston!
[BOTH GIGGLE]
Come on, let's fly.
[GIGGLING]
Hey, wait for us.
Come on, Gaston.
Giddyap, giddyap.
[BUZZING]
Yee-ha!
[GIGGLING]
[GIGGLES]
Can't catch me.
Heh. Yes, we can.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Gaston loves
fetching sticks.
[BARKS]
Gaston,
fetch.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[GASTON BARKS]
[♪♪♪]
[PANTING]
Here, Gaston.
[BOTH GIGGLE]
Clever, Gaston.
Well done.
[BARKS]
Gaston? Do you want
to wiggle your legs?
[BARKS]
Okay, onto your back.
[BOTH GIGGLE]
Wiggle your legs.
[LAUGHING]
HOLLY:
Gaston loves rolling
on his back.
[BARKS]
That's funny.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[BELL RINGING]
Holly! Bedtime.
Oh, that's Nanny Plum.
I've got to go home now.
Oh. But we were
having such fun.
Never mind.
We'll meet up again tomorrow.
Yes.
[BARKS]
[BLOWS HORN]
Ben! Bedtime.
Oh, that's my mom.
Bye, Ben. Bye, Gaston.
Bye, Holly.
Bye, Gaston.
See you tomorrow.
[BARKS]
[♪♪♪]
[SIGHS]
[YAWNING]
[SNORING]
[ROOSTER CROWS]
[♪♪♪]
Ben. Gaston.
Holly. Gaston.
[GIGGLING]
Hi, Holly.
Hi, Ben.
Where's Gaston?
He hasn't turned up yet.
Oh. Let's go and find him.
Okay.
Gaston?
Are you coming out
to play?
[SNORING]
HOLLY:
Gaston!
[CONTINUES SNORING]
Gaston's not answering.
Oh. Maybe we've upset him?
But we have such fun
together.
Yes. Heh.
Like when I tip him over
and he wiggles his feet.
And when I ride on his back.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
But do you think
Gaston enjoys it?
Hm. Perhaps he doesn't.
Maybe Gaston's sad,
and that's why
he won't come out to play.
Oh, dear, what can we do?
Nanny Plum will know
what to do.
She knows everything
about ladybirds.
Good idea.
[♪♪♪]
[NANNY PLUM SCATTING]
[CONTINUES SCATTING]
Nanny Plum!
Gaston the Ladybird
is not happy.
Hm.
Ladybirds are never happy.
But Gaston
is our best friend.
Can you do something?
BOTH:
Please, Nanny Plum.
Please.
Oh, all right,
I'll see what I can do.
Thanks, Nanny.
[GASTON SNORING]
[CONTINUES SNORING]
[EXHALES, CHUCKLES]
[CHUCKLING]
[BARKS]
[CHUCKLES]
[BARKING]
This is
Gaston's cave.
And what sort of insect
is Gaston?
He's a ladybird.
Oh, yes.
Now, let's think.
What's ladybird for hello?
[BARKS]
Hm.
[DOOR CREAKS]
Oh, look.
The door's open.
We better take a look
inside.
Gaston's not here.
He's gone off somewhere
to be sad.
Ugh.
No wonder Gaston is sad.
No one could be happy in
such a messy, smelly cave.
Chop-chop.
We need to clean
this cave up
before the ladybird
returns.
Yes. That will be
a nice surprise.
And Gaston will be happy
again.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
First, we need
my cleaning things.
[TINKLING]
Abraca dee, abraca dop
Brushes, dusters, soap and mop
Holly, you dust
the cobwebs.
Yes, Nanny Plum.
Ben, you clean the floor.
And I will tackle the bed.
[♪♪♪]
[GIGGLING]
[POPPING]
This bed is filthy.
And look at all this stuff.
Old food, comics, lollipops,
smelly socks.
Ugh.
Bish bash besh
Gaston's bed
Nice and fresh
Good.
Now just a final polish,
and we're done.
[TINKLING]
BOTH:
Ooh!
Hooray!
[♪♪♪]
Quick. Gaston's coming.
[BOTH GIGGLING]
[BARKS]
Gaston.
[GIGGLES]
We've come
to cheer you up.
We don't like it
when you're sad.
Huh?
We're really sorry
about rolling you over.
And riding on your back.
[BARKING]
What's he saying,
Nanny?
[BARKING]
Ooh.
Gaston says he likes it
when you roll him over
and ride on his back.
BOTH:
Oh.
[BARKING]
NANNY:
Gaston is not sad.
In fact, he's very happy.
[GASTON BARKING
AND CHILDREN LAUGHING]
Well, you're going to be
even happier now.
Take a look at your cave.
[BARKING]
[♪♪♪]
[GASTON HOWLING]
Gaston.
[CRYING]
As I said,
ladybirds are never happy.
Gaston, what's wrong?
[BARKS, SOBS]
Oh, dear.
Nanny,
what did he say?
He said he loved his home
just as it was,
all messy and smelly.
Oh.
Sorry, Gaston.
Don't worry, we'll make it
just the way you like it.
Yes. Heh.
We're very good
at making things messy.
[BARKS]
[♪♪♪]
Heh. This is fun.
[GIGGLES]
A cobweb here,
a cobweb there.
Brilliant.
Zip zap zessy
Gaston's bed, nice and messy
[BEN & HOLLY GIGGLING]
Smelly socks...
And lollypops.
[LAUGHS, BARKS]
Good. Now just a final
layer of dirt,
and we're done.
[TINKLING]
Well done, everybody.
That smells just as bad
as it did before.
BOTH:
Hooray!
[BARKS]
And if you ever want us
to make your cave
untidy again, Gaston,
don't be afraid to ask.
Yes, that's what friends
are for.
[LAUGHS, BARKS]
Come on, let's play.
[♪♪♪]
Hey, wait for us.
[BARKS]
Come on, Gaston.
Giddyap! Giddyap!
[BEN & HOLLY LAUGHING]
[GASTON BARKING]
Yee-ha!
Can't catch me.
Yes, we can.
[ALL LAUGHING]
Gaston.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[♪♪♪]